whiskeyding0.md, before:

---
title: "WHISKEY DINGO"
permalink: whiskeyding0/
---

# Whiskey Dingo
streamer url= https://www.twitch.tv/whiskeyding0
streamer is notable for his high energy, loud exclaimations, and frequent interaction with chat.

## History
began streaming around 2018

## Mods
- Cyrcle
- Max9183
- Mithswaw
- Rayneblue
- Snazzythefox
- Wv_shep
- Vnibbles

## PC Specs
- Operating System: Windows 10 Home; 64-Bit

- Processor & Memory: Intel Core i7-8700K 6-Core Processor (3.7GHz) with Max Turbo Frequency up to 4.3GHz; 16GB Memory

- Storage & Optical Drive: 1TB Hard Drive; 16GB Intel Optane Memory Accelerator; No optical drive included

- Design: Cougar Black Mid- Tower Gaming Case; Dual Tempered Glass Side Panel; Measures 20.5" x 8.2" x 22.2"; Weighs 32 lbs.

- Video/Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 with 8GB dedicated video memory

- Audio: Integrated Sound Card

- Includes: Liquid Cooling; Custom RGB Lighting; RGB 7 Color Gaming Keyboard & USB Gaming Mouse

- Connectivity: 10/100/1000 Ethernet; 802.11ac WiFi

- I/O Ports: HDMI; 6 USB 3.1 Ports; 4 USB 2.0 Ports; 1 PS/2; LAN Port; DisplayPort; DVI; 6 Audio Jacks

## In-Jokes
- Whiskey uses extensive emotes from these sources, several of which are in-jokes for the stream.
- Whiskey often tells views the rules of the stream, things he encourages chat not to do but they inevitably disobey. the rules are:
-- Don't use the "V word" in chat! (vore)
-- No KEKW-ing in the chat!

## Notable Games & Preferred Genres
Loves to play horror games
- Jackbox Series
- Five Nights at Freddies

## Misc.
- Whiskey often suffers from hiccups and has to hold his breath to help clear them.

## Redeems
Whiskey's channel makes heavy use of channel points (called cheddar) and redeems. His 3D model responds to many of his redeems including:
- Throw bananas at Whiskey (100pts)
- annoy whiskey with confetti (100pts)
- Tornado, which whiskey runs away from before getting sucked into it, spun around, and thrown violently against the screen (1000pts)
- "SOAP" this redeem will challenge whiskey to go for 5 minutes without uttering a curse word. If he fails the soap challenge, he has to gift a tier 1 gift subscription to a random viewer of the channel.

Chat is often encouraged to "gamba" their cheddar on predictions, often betting if Whiskey will pass/fail at a level of the game he's currently playing.

Commit message:

added history added external links added footnotes

whiskeyding0.md, after:

---
title: "WHISKEY DINGO"
permalink: whiskeyding0/
---

# [Whiskey Dingo](https://www.tiktok.com/@whiskeyding0)
Whiskey is notable for his high energy, loud exclaimations, and frequent interaction with chat.

## History
- began streaming around 2018
- Became a Twitch Partner on 2019/9/18[^1]
-- Played Night in the Woods for his first partner stream[^2]


## Mods
- Cyrcle
- Max9183
- Mithswaw
- Rayneblue
- Snazzythefox
- Wv_shep
- Vnibbles

## PC Specs
- Operating System: Windows 10 Home; 64-Bit

- Processor & Memory: Intel Core i7-8700K 6-Core Processor (3.7GHz) with Max Turbo Frequency up to 4.3GHz; 16GB Memory

- Storage & Optical Drive: 1TB Hard Drive; 16GB Intel Optane Memory Accelerator; No optical drive included

- Design: Cougar Black Mid- Tower Gaming Case; Dual Tempered Glass Side Panel; Measures 20.5" x 8.2" x 22.2"; Weighs 32 lbs.

- Video/Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 with 8GB dedicated video memory

- Audio: Integrated Sound Card

- Includes: Liquid Cooling; Custom RGB Lighting; RGB 7 Color Gaming Keyboard & USB Gaming Mouse

- Connectivity: 10/100/1000 Ethernet; 802.11ac WiFi

- I/O Ports: HDMI; 6 USB 3.1 Ports; 4 USB 2.0 Ports; 1 PS/2; LAN Port; DisplayPort; DVI; 6 Audio Jacks

## In-Jokes
- Whiskey uses extensive emotes from these sources, several of which are in-jokes for the stream.
- Whiskey often tells views the rules of the stream, things he encourages chat not to do but they inevitably disobey. the rules are:
-- Don't use the "V word" in chat! (vore)
-- No KEKW-ing in the chat!

## Notable Games & Preferred Genres
Loves to play horror games
- Jackbox Series
- Five Nights at Freddies

## Misc.
- Whiskey often suffers from hiccups and has to hold his breath to help clear them.

## Redeems
Whiskey's channel makes heavy use of channel points (called cheddar) and redeems. His 3D model responds to many of his redeems including:
- Throw bananas at Whiskey (100pts)
- annoy whiskey with confetti (100pts)
- Tornado, which whiskey runs away from before getting sucked into it, spun around, and thrown violently against the screen (1000pts)
- "SOAP" this redeem will challenge whiskey to go for 5 minutes without uttering a curse word. If he fails the soap challenge, he has to gift a tier 1 gift subscription to a random viewer of the channel.

Chat is often encouraged to "gamba" their cheddar on predictions, often betting if Whiskey will pass/fail at a level of the game he's currently playing. 

## Notable Stream Events
- 2022/9/15 Hosting Family Feud Stream

## External Links
- [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dingoden)
- [Throne Wishlist](https://throne.me/u/whiskeyding0)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Whiskey_Dingo)
- [Donation Link](https://streamlabs.com/whiskeyding0/tip)
- [TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@whiskeyding0)

[^1]: https://twitter.com/Whiskey_Dingo/status/1174473493217513473
[^2]: https://discord.com/channels/178042794386915328/498076901705908234/624411124082933761
